BILL Reports Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Results

• Q2 Core Revenue Increased 16% Year-Over-Year
• Q2 Total Revenue Increased 14% Year-Over-Year
SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE) – February 6, 2025 – BILL (NYSE: BILL), a leading financial operations platform for small
and midsize businesses (SMBs), today announced financial results for the second fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2024.
“We delivered strong financial results and innovated at a rapid pace as we executed on our vision to be the de facto intelligent
financial operations platform for SMBs,” said René Lacerte, BILL CEO and Founder. “We are leveraging our leadership position to
empower small and mid-sized businesses and the partners that we serve, and we are extending our lead by expanding the depth and

breadth of our platform and diverse distribution ecosystem. Today, more than 480,000 businesses rely on BILL to manage their day-
to-day financial workflow. We are moving fast to address a vast market opportunity to transform the financial operations for millions

of SMBs.”
“In Q2, we delivered strong financial results, expanded our non-GAAP operating margin, and continued our track record of
execution across the company,” said John Rettig, BILL President and CFO. “We are executing on our strategic priorities and are
confident that our strong business model will allow us to drive years of durable growth, an attractive long-term profitability profile,
and sustained value generation for shareholders.”
Financial Highlights for the Second Quarter of Fiscal 2025:
• Total revenue was $362.6 million, an increase of 14% year-over-year.

• Core revenue, which consists of subscription and transaction fees, was $319.6 million, an increase of 16% year-over-
year. Subscription fees were $67.7 million, up 7% year-over-year. Transaction fees were $251.9 million, up 19% year-
over-year.

• Float revenue, which consists of interest on funds held for customers, was $42.9 million.
• Gross profit was $295.9 million, representing an 81.6% gross margin, compared to $260.1 million, or an 81.7% gross

margin, in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Non-GAAP gross profit was $308.9 million, representing an 85.2% non-
GAAP gross margin, compared to $273.7 million, or an 85.9% non-GAAP gross margin, in the second quarter of

fiscal 2024.
• Operating loss was $21.7 million, compared to an operating loss of $67.7 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2024.
Non-GAAP operating income was $62.8 million, compared to $44.3 million in the second quarter of fiscal 2024, an
increase of 41.8% year-over-year.
• Net income was $33.5 million, or $0.33 and $(0.06) per share, basic and diluted, respectively, compared to net loss of
$40.4 million, or $(0.38) per basic and diluted share, in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. Non-GAAP net income was
$62.9 million, or $0.56 per diluted share, compared to non-GAAP net income of $60.0 million, or $0.51 per diluted
share, in the second quarter of fiscal 2024.
Business Highlights and Recent Developments:
• Served 481,300 businesses using our solutions as of the end of the second quarter.1
• Processed $84 billion in total payment volume in the second quarter, an increase of 13% year-over-year.
• Processed 30 million transactions during the second quarter, an increase of 17% year-over-year.
• Completed an offering of $1.4 billion of 0% convertible senior notes due 2030, including full exercise of initial purchasers’
$150 million option to purchase additional notes.
• Repurchased approximately $134 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 0% Convertible Senior Notes due
2025 and approximately $451 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027.
• Repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares of BILL common stock in the second quarter for a total cost of approximately
$200 million.
1
Businesses using more than one of our solutions are included separately in the total for each solution utilized.

• Added seasoned executives, Keri Gohman and Dan Wernikoff, to our board of directors.
Financial Outlook
We are providing the following guidance for the fiscal third quarter ending March 31, 2025 and the full fiscal year ending June 30,
2025.

Q3 FY25
Guidance

FY25
Guidance
Total revenue (millions) $352.5 - $357.5 $1,454.0 - $1,469.0
Year-over-year total revenue growth 9% - 11% 13% - 14%
Core revenue (millions) $317.5 - $322.5 $1,297.0 - $1,312.0
Year-over-year core revenue growth 13% - 15% 16% - 17%
Non-GAAP operating income (millions) $38.0 - $43.0 $207.5 - $222.5
Non-GAAP net income (millions) $42.0 - $46.0 $216.0 - $228.0
Non-GAAP net income per diluted share $0.35 - $0.38 $1.87 - $1.97
The outlook for non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share includes a non-GAAP provision for income
taxes of 20%. The outlook for non-GAAP net income takes into account the use of corporate cash for investment and other strategic
capital allocation, including but not limited to the share repurchase program announced in August 2024. The outlook for non-GAAP
net income per diluted share does not take any future repurchases of BILL shares into account, as its impact on a per diluted share
basis is not reasonably estimable.
These statements are forward-looking and actual results may differ materially. Refer to the Forward-Looking Statements safe harbor
below for information on the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.
BILL has not provided a reconciliation of its non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income or non-GAAP net income per
share guidance to the most directly comparable GAAP measures because certain items excluded from GAAP cannot be reasonably
calculated or predicted at this time. Accordingly, a reconciliation is not available without unreasonable effort.
Conference Call and Webcast Information
In conjunction with this announcement, BILL will host a conference call for investors at 1:30 p.m. PT (4:30 p.m. ET) today to
discuss fiscal second quarter 2025 results and our outlook for the fiscal third quarter ending March 31, 2025 and fiscal year ending
June 30, 2025. The live webcast and a replay of the webcast will be available at the Investor Relations section of BILL’s website:
https://investor.bill.com/events-and-presentations/default.aspx.
About BILL
BILL (NYSE: BILL) is a leading financial operations platform for small and midsize businesses (SMBs). As a champion of SMBs,
we are automating the future of finance so businesses can thrive. Our integrated platform helps businesses to more efficiently control
their payables, receivables and spend and expense management. Hundreds of thousands of businesses rely on BILL’s proprietary
network of millions of members to pay or get paid faster. Headquartered in San Jose, California, BILL is a trusted partner of leading
U.S. financial institutions, accounting firms, and accounting software providers. For more information, visit bill.com.
Note on Forward-Looking Statements
This press release and the accompanying conference call contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are statements other than statements of historical facts, and statements in the future
tense. Forward-looking statements are based on our expectations as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of
risks, uncertainties and assumptions, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond our control. These statements
include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our expectations of future performance, including guidance for our total revenue,
core revenue, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income, and non-GAAP net income per share for the fiscal third quarter
ending March 31, 2025 and full fiscal year ending June 30, 2025, our planned investments in fiscal year 2025, our revenue growth
profitability profile, activity under our previously-announced share repurchase program, our expectations for the growth of demand
on our platform and the expansion of our customers’ utilization of our services. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not
limited to macroeconomic factors, including changes in interest rates, tariffs and other trade barriers, inflation and volatile market

environments, as well as fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, our history of operating losses, our recent rapid growth, the large
sums of customer funds that we transfer daily, the risk of loss, errors and fraudulent activity, credit risk related to our BILL Divvy
Corporate Cards, our ability to attract new customers and convert trial customers into paying customers, our ability to invest in our
business and develop new products and services, increased competition or new entrants in the marketplace, potential impacts of
acquisitions and investments, our relationships with accounting firms and financial institutions, the global impacts of ongoing
geopolitical conflicts, and other risks detailed in the registration statements and periodic reports we file with the SEC, including our
quarterly and annual reports, which may be obtained on the Investor Relations section of BILL’s website (https://investor.bill.com/
financials/sec-filings/default.aspx) and on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. You should not rely on these forward-looking
statements, as actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by these forward-looking statements as a result of such
risks and uncertainties. All forward-looking statements in this press release are based on information available to us as of the date
hereof. We assume no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the
accompanying conference call because of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In addition to financial measures prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), this press

release and the accompanying tables contain, and the conference call will contain, non-GAAP financial measures, including non-
GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP net income

and non-GAAP net income per share, basic and diluted. The non-GAAP financial information is presented for supplemental
informational purposes only and is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial
information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.
Investors are cautioned that there are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an analytical
tool.
We exclude the following items from non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP gross margin:
• stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes
• depreciation and amortization
We exclude the following items from non-GAAP operating expenses and non-GAAP operating income:
• stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes
• depreciation and amortization
• acquisition and integration-related expenses
• restructuring
We exclude the following items from non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per share:
• stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes
• depreciation and amortization
• acquisition and integration-related expenses
• restructuring
• gain on debt extinguishment
• amortization of debt issuance costs
• non-GAAP provision for income taxes
It is important to note that the particular items we exclude from, or include in, our non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the
items excluded from, or included in, similar non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies in the same industry. We also
periodically review our non-GAAP financial measures and may revise these measures to reflect changes in our business or otherwise,
including our blended U.S. statutory tax rate.
We believe that these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information about our financial performance, enhance the overall
understanding of our past performance and future prospects, and allow for greater transparency with respect to important metrics
used by our management for financial and operational decision-making. We believe that these measures provide an additional tool
for investors to use in comparing our core financial performance over multiple periods with other companies in our industry.
We adjust the following items from one or more of our non-GAAP financial measures:
Stock-based compensation and related payroll taxes charged to cost of revenue and operating expenses. We exclude stock-based
compensation, which is a non-cash expense, and related payroll taxes from certain of our non-GAAP financial measures because we

believe that excluding these items provide meaningful supplemental information regarding operational performance. In particular,
companies calculate stock-based compensation expenses using a variety of valuation methodologies and subjective assumptions
while the related payroll taxes are dependent on the price of our common stock and other factors that are beyond our control and do
not correlate to the operation of our business.
Depreciation and amortization. We exclude depreciation and amortization from certain of our non-GAAP financial measures because
we believe that excluding this non-cash charge provides meaningful supplemental information regarding operational performance.
Depreciation and amortization do not include amortization of capitalized internal-use software costs paid in cash.

Acquisition and integration-related expenses. We exclude acquisition and integration-related expenses from certain of our non-
GAAP financial measures because these costs would have not otherwise been incurred in the normal course of our business

operations. In addition, we believe that acquisition and integration-related expenses are non-recurring charges unique to a specific
acquisition. Although we may engage in future acquisitions, such acquisitions and the associated acquisition and integration-related
expenses are considered unique and not comparable to other acquisitions.
Restructuring. We exclude costs incurred in connection with formal restructuring plans from certain of our non-GAAP financial
measures because these costs are exceptional and would have not otherwise been incurred in the normal course of our business
operations.
Gain on debt extinguishment. We exclude gain on debt extinguishment associated with our repurchases of certain of our outstanding
convertible senior notes because we believe that excluding this non-cash gain provides better insight regarding our operational
performance.
Amortization of debt issuance costs. We exclude amortization of debt issuance costs associated with our issuance of our convertible

senior notes and credit arrangement from certain of our non-GAAP financial measures because we believe that excluding this non-
cash interest expense provides meaningful supplemental information regarding our operational performance.

Non-GAAP provision for income taxes. Consists of assumed provision for income taxes based on the statutory tax rate taking into
consideration the nature of the taxed item and the relevant taxing jurisdiction.
There are material limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures since they exclude significant expenses and
income that are required by GAAP to be recorded in our financial statements. Please see the reconciliation tables at the end of this
release for the reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results.
Free Cash Flow
Free cash flow is a non-GAAP measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities, adjusted by purchases of property and
equipment and capitalization of internal-use software costs. We believe free cash flow is an important liquidity measure of the cash
that is generated, after incurring operating expenses, purchases of property and equipment and capitalization of internal-use software
costs, for future operational expenses and investment in our business. Free cash flow is useful to investors as a liquidity measure
because it measures our ability to generate or use cash in the ordinary course of business. One limitation of free cash flow is that it
does not reflect our future contractual commitments. Additionally, free cash flow does not represent the total increase or decrease in
our cash balance for a given period. Once our business needs and obligations are met, cash can be used to maintain strong balance
sheets and invest in future growth.
IR Contact:
Karen Sansot
ksansot@hq.bill.com
Press Contact:
John Welton
john.welton@hq.bill.com
Source: BILL